ECLiPSe III Academic Software Release Agreement
ACAD-08/04


Preamble

ECLiPSe has been developed over several years, largely supported by
industry funding.  Today, ECLiPSe is owned by Cisco Technology Inc. 
On the academic front, ECLiPSe development continues at IC-Parc,
Imperial College London, with the aim of providing an integrated
platform for optimization and problem solving with hybrid techniques.

The intention of this academic licence is to make ECLiPSe as widely
and freely available as possible for academic research and for
teaching to an academic audience.

You will find that this general academic licence places a number of
restrictions on the funding and the results of your research.  Should
these restrictions prevent you from using ECLiPSe under this general
academic licence (for example because your work is industry-funded, or
you cannot make your results publicly available), we would like to
encourage you to instead apply for a commercial development licence,
whose terms and conditions would take account of your specific
circumstances. 

In striving to enhance the applicability and usefulness of ECLiPSe, we
greatly appreciate and encourage any kind of cooperation and feedback
from our users.  Of particular value are contributions of software,
which could be either

 * Modifications to Eclipse (in particular its original set of
   Generic Libraries)
 * Newly developed Generic Libraries for ECLiPSe
 * Other software related to ECLiPSe

In case you want to contribute a modification, you give ownership of
your modification to the owner, so the legal status of ECLiPSe's
initial components does not change and we can continue to licence
ECLiPSe without having to involve you in the process.

If you want to contribute a new Generic Library, your code remains
yours.  All we will ask you to do is to grant to all Authorised
ECLiPSe users rights of use that are at least equivalent to the rights
they have on the original ECLiPSe Generic Libraries.  This will allow
us to fully integrate your contribution.

If you develop any other code or components, you are completely free
to decide on the terms and conditions relating to this other code or
components.

In any case, the ECLiPSe developers will reserve the right to accept
or reject a contribution. 


Terms and Conditions

Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine in London,
hereafter called the Licensor, grants to the Licensee (as identified
at the end of this Agreement) a non-exclusive, non-transferable
licence to use the computer software and associated documentation
known as "The ECLiPSe III Constraint Logic Programming System" owned
by Cisco Technology Inc (the "Owner") made available on the Imperial
College website, hereafter referred to as the Work, subject to the
following conditions:


Definitions:

"Academic Purposes" means teaching to an academic audience and
Academic Research carried out by any Licencee.

"Academic Research" means research (1) which is funded only from
non-commercial sources, (2) whose results are intended for the public
domain and are unencumbered by patents, commercial obligations or
other restrictions, and (3) which is carried out independent of any
commercial partners.

"Authorised ECLiPSe User" means any person who has rights to use the
Work in any way; this includes, but is not limited to, the Owner, the
Licensor, and every holder of an ECLiPSe academic or commercial
licence.

"ECLiPSe Program" means a program or set of programs in source form
written in the ECLiPSe programming language, or using ECLiPSe
libraries, but not containing any part of the Work..

"ECLiPSe Application" means an ECLiPSe Program together with the Work
or part of the Work; an ECLiPSe Application is a derivative of the
Work.

"Generic Library" means a program or a collection of related programs,
designed to be re-used without modification as a standard component or
module in different applications and packaged in such a way that it
can be loaded and executed by an ECLiPSe runtime system and intended
for distribution within ECLiPSe.

"Work" means the ECLiPSe III Constraint Logic Programming System
licensed by the Owner to the Licensor, consisting of (1) a runtime
core, (2) a modelling and control language processor, (3) a
development environment, (4) a collection of libraries, (5) interfaces
for embedding into host environments, (6) interfaces to third-party
solvers and (7) documentation and certain library source code.


1.	Prerequisites

The Licensee is responsible for obtaining any further licence(s) that
may be required by any part of the said Work.  Rights implied by this
Software Release Agreement shall never exceed the rights implied by
such further licence(s).


2.	Ownership 

The Licensee agrees that all intellectual property rights in the Work
are, and shall at all times remain, the property of the Owner.  The
Licensee shall have no right, title, or interest therein or thereto
except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

Neither the Owner nor the Licensor claim any ownership of ECLiPSe
Programs in source form created by the Licensee and this shall be
unaffected by the use of the Work.  The compiled form of an ECLiPSe
Program shall belong to the owner of the corresponding source form. 

The creation of an ECLiPSe Application shall not affect the ownership
of its components.  The corresponding ECLiPSe Program remains the
property of its owner, and the included parts of the Work remain the
property of the Owner.  The owner of an ECLiPSe Program or any third
party sub-licensee of the same may only use the ECLiPSe Program with
the Work if they obtain an appropriate academic or commercial license
for the Work. 

All improvements, enhancements and modifications to the Work made by
the Licensee, including but not limited to modifications of the
Owner's Generic Libraries, shall be disclosed, promptly after release
by the Licensee, to the Owner and the Licensor and all such items
shall be assigned to the Owner.  The Licensor reserves the right to
accept or reject any improvements, enhancements or modifications for
future Eclipse releases.  The Owner hereby grants and agrees to grant
to the Licensee and to all other Authorised ECLiPSe Users a
non-exclusive licence to all such improvements, enhancements and
modifications assigned to it under this clause. 

Any new Generic Libraries in connection with the Work developed by the
Licensee shall be made available to all Authorised ECLiPSe Users at
the time the Libraries are released to a third party and shall be
owned by the Licensee.  The Owner and the Licensor shall be granted a
non-exclusive, royalty free, irrevocable, sub-licensable licence to
make, have made, use, import, copy, modify, offer to sell, sell, lease
and otherwise distribute all such new Generic Libraries and the
Licensee shall grant a non-exclusive licence to use such new Generic
Libraries to all Authorised ECLiPSe Users.


3.	Limitations on Use

This licence permits the Licensee to use the Work for Academic
Purposes only.  The Licensee shall not distribute the Work, or any
part thereof, to others including without limitation the Licensee
shall not distribute any ECLiPSe Applications containing the Work or
part of the Work, to others.  Such distribution requires a separate
agreement with the Licensor.

The Licensee shall not sell products or services based on the Work,
including educational and research services (other than teaching
materials and services sold incidental to the teaching of ECLiPSe to
an academic audience), or use the Work or any part thereof for any
other commercial purpose.  Such commercial exploitation requires a
separate agreement with the Licensor.

This Agreement does not permit the Licensee to disassemble or
reverse-engineer the software.

The Licensee shall not copy the Work, except as necessary for use and
archival purposes.  The Licensee shall maintain a record of the number
and location of all originals and copies of the Work made during the
use of the Work.

The Licensee shall notify immediately the Licensor of any unauthorised
use or disclosure and cooperate in the prosecution of the malefactor.

If at any time the Licensee obtains patent protection anywhere in the
world in respect of the exercise of the rights granted under this
Agreement the Licensee hereby grants to the Owner, Imperial and all
other Authorised ECLiPSe Users a non-exclusive, royalty free,
perpetual, irrevocable licence to any such patents, with the right to
sub-license such rights. 


4.	Non-disclosure

Subject to its obligations of disclosure to the Owner in paragraph 2,
the Licensee shall take all precautions to maintain the
confidentiality of the Work; these precautions shall be at least
equivalent to those employed by the receiving organisation to protect
its own confidential information.


5.	Non-exclusivity

The Licensee recognises that the Work is released on a non-exclusive
basis and the Licensor shall have the right to grant licences to
others or to make such other use of the Work as it shall desire.


6.	Credits

All credits in the Work, both in listings and/or documentation,
whether names of individuals or organisations, will be retained intact
and in place by the Licensee.  The Licensee will acknowledge in any
published copy or in any other use of the Work or any derived work the
authorship of the Work and the fact that the Work was developed by the
Licensor.

The Licensee shall not remove any proprietary copyright or trade
secret legend from the Work or any part thereof.


7.	Product warranty

The Work is released on an "as is" basis, and there is no warranty
expressed or implied as to the functioning, performance or effect on
hardware or other software.  The Licensee recognises that neither the
Licensor nor the Owner is obliged to provide maintenance, consultation
or revision of the Work.


8.	Liability

None of Licensor, Owner, or the individual shall be responsible for
the development and/or maintenance of the Work, and none of the
foregoing parties accept any liability of any kind in releasing the
Work.


9.	Title

The Licensor warrants it has the legal right to grant the licence
under this Agreement and that, to its knowledge at the time of
granting the licence, the Works do not infringe upon the proprietary
rights of others.


10.	Governing Law

This licence shall be subject to and construed and interpreted in
accordance with English Law and shall be subject to the jurisdiction
of the Courts of England.


11.	Severability

If any provision or clause of the Agreement for any reason whatsoever
should be or become void or unenforceable the remainder of the
Agreement shall be unaffected hereby and shall nevertheless remain in
full force and effect.


12.	Termination

Each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement.  The
Licensor agrees not to terminate this Agreement unless the Licensee
violates it.  In addition, the Owner or Licensor may terminate this
Agreement immediately if the Owner or the Licensor receives
notification from another person that the Work infringes the rights of
any other person, with no liability to the Licensor or to the Owner. 

This Agreement may be terminated by the Licensor at any time upon
notice in writing if the Licensee fails to comply with any material
term or condition of this Agreement.  The Licensee shall have thirty
days after notice to cure any failure and avoid termination.

Upon termination of this Agreement the Licensee shall return all
originals and copies of the software (including the source code) and
associated documentation to the Licensor within two weeks, including
any technical data or information disclosed in writing, or any related
material to that.

The Licensee shall ensure that the validity of the protected measures of 
the Agreement is maintained even after the end of this Agreement.


13.	Changes to this agreement

This Agreement may only be changed if both parties agree to the
proposed changes in writing.


14.	Enforcement by the Owner

The Owner shall at any time be entitled to enforce the benefit of this
Agreement against the Licensee under the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 1999.



We have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by
its terms and conditions.


For the Licensor:

		IC-Parc, Centre for Planning and Resource Control
		Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine
		London SW7 2AZ
		UK
    Fax:
		(44) 20 7594 8432
    Represented by:
		Prof. Barry Richards, Director of IC-Parc
