
statistics

   Prints information about resource usage and garbage collection.



Arguments

Type
   Development Environment and Global Settings

Description
   Prints information about resource usage and garbage collection on the
   log_output stream.  This information is also provided by
   statistics/2.  Please refer to statistics/2 for a description of the
   statistic items.  Times are displayed in seconds, memory sizes in bytes.




Resatisfiable
      No

Fail Conditions
      None



Examples
   
[eclipse]: statistics.

times:                  [0.1, 0.34, 264.57] seconds
session_time:           264.6 seconds
global_stack_used:      1096 bytes
global_stack_allocated: 102400 bytes
global_stack_peak:      102400 bytes
trail_stack_used:       44 bytes
trail_stack_allocated:  16384 bytes
trail_stack_peak:       16384 bytes
control_stack_used:     440 bytes
control_stack_allocated:4096 bytes
control_stack_peak:     4096 bytes
local_stack_used:       280 bytes
local_stack_allocated:  4096 bytes
local_stack_peak:       4096 bytes
shared_heap_allocated:  737280 bytes
shared_heap_used:       711760 bytes
private_heap_allocated: 20480 bytes
private_heap_used:      17328 bytes
gc_number:              0
gc_collected:           0 bytes
gc_area:                0 bytes
gc_ratio:               100.0 %
gc_time:                0.0 seconds
dictionary_entries:     2893
dict_hash_usage:        1601 / 8191
dict_hash_collisions:   200 / 1601
dict_gc_number:         0
dict_gc_time:           0.0 seconds

yes.




See Also
   statistics / 2
